docs: add release cadence to readme (#1296)
Azure/aad-pod-identity: README.md

Try our [walkthrough](https://azure.github.io/aad-pod-identity/docs/demo/standard_walkthrough/) to get a better understanding of the application workflow.

## Release

> Currently, Azure Workload Identity releases on a monthly basis to patch security vulnerabilities, targeting the **first** week of the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, AAD Pod Identity releases on a monthly basis to patch security vulnerabilities, targeting the **first** week of the month. Refer to [Release Cadence](docs/RELEASE.md) for more details.
```

Author: whoops! Bad copypasta
